AH, I'M NEVER GOING TO PASS
THE PROMOTION EXAM.
I HAVE TEST ANXIETY.
WATCH THIS.
I'M TAKING OUT YOUR CLAYMAN
WITH DRILLOID.
YOU'RE WIDE-OPEN.
WAIT A SECOND.
AND WITH THIS CARD...
I LOST.
I WIN!
I GOT TO LEARN
TO STAY CALM
DURING
THESE TESTS.
YOU SHOULD CHILL OUT
LIKE CHUMLEY.
UH, SY, ISN'T HE,
LIKE, A BIT TOO CHILL?
HE'S FINE, JUST TIRED.
HE WAS UP ALL NIGHT
LONG, POOR GUY.
ALL NIGHT? THAT SOUNDS
LIKE A LOT OF STUDYING,
ESPECIALLY FOR CHUMLEY.
JADEN.
WHAT?
CHUMLEY ALREADY FAILED
HIS EXAMS TWICE.
IF HE DOESN'T
PASS THEM THIS YEAR,
HE'S OUT OF HERE
FOREVER.
AND WITH MY
DUELING SKILLS,
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME DAYS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIPNESS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
JADEN, LOOK AT THIS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
IS IT GOOD?
NOT BAD, BUT CHECK OUT
MY CARD DESIGN.
HUH?
IT'S A WORK OF ART.
IT'S PURE GENIUS.
IT'S SPARKMAN!
SEE?
UH...IF YOU SAY SO.
SO, WHAT DID
YOU DO, CHUMSTERS?
HMM? UH...
WOW!
THAT'S GREAT!
COOL.
SO, WHAT IS IT?
AAH! WHAT IS IT?
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN
AYERS ROCK?
I, UH...NO.
YOU SEE,
A LONG TIME AGO,
I WENT CAMPING WITH MY DAD
IN AUSTRALIA AND SAW IT.
GREAT
BRUSHSTROKES.
COOL TEXTURE.
DUH. I KNOW. I'M GOING TO
USE IT FOR MY--
Intercom: AHEM...
ATTENTION.
WILL CHUMLEY HUFFINGTON
PLEASE REPORT
TO CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD?
AW.
IS HE IN TROUBLE?
BEATS ME.
UH...UH, LIKE...
AM I BUSTED?
HUH? HA HA HA! NO.
I'VE CALLED YOU HERE
BECAUSE I HAVE
SOME VERY GOOD
NEWS, CHUMLEY.
YOU DO?
LOOK.
IT'S MY CARD.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOUR DESIGN WON
INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS' CONTEST.
IT'S NOW OFFICIAL.
HUH? BUT WHO CHOSE--
I DID, CHUMLEY BOY.
THERE WERE SO MANY CARDS
AND SO LITTLE TIME
TO DECIDE.
BUT YOUR CARD, IT WAS A GIFT
FROM THE ANGELS THEMSELVES,
AN ANGEL NAMED CHUMLEY.
THERE'S MORE.
I WANT YOUR BIG BRAIN
WORKING ON MORE CARDS FOR ME
AT INDUSTRIAL ILLUSIONS...
IF YOUR TEACHERS CONCUR.
CHUMLEY, WHAT
AN OPPORTUNITY!
WELL, MY DEAR BOY,
YOU HAVE
MY RECOMMENDATION.
PEGASUS WANTS ME?
A MOMENT.
I'M TROUBLED.
WHAT NOW?
JUST SAY YES.
BUT CHUMLEY HASN'T
PASSED HIS EXAMS.
NOW, WHAT KIND OF SCHOOL
WOULD WE BE
TO SEND PEGASUS
SOME FLUNKY?
CROWLER, COME ON.
GIVE THE KID A BREAK,
FOR PETE'S SAKE.
IF CHUMLEY CAN
BEAT ME IN A DUEL,
THEN I'LL LET HIM GO.
A DUEL?
BUT IF HE LOSES,
HE'LL BE EXPELLED
IMMEDIATELY!
IT'S SETTLED.
GOOD LUCK, CHUMLEY.
AND YOU'LL NEED IT.
CROWLER PLAYS TO WIN.
AND WIN IS WHAT
I'LL DO TOMORROW.
AH...
WHAT HAPPENED?
HEY, THEY MADE
ONE OF YOUR CARDS.
CHUMLEY! AW, MAN, DON'T YOU
KNOW HOW AWESOME THIS IS?
BUT, UM...
"BUT, UM" WHAT?
COME ON.
YOU SHOULD BE
ECSTATIC.
I MEAN,
THIS IS HUGE.
SURE IS. CONGRATS.
I GUESS.
HEY, CHUMLEY, WHY
ARE YOU OUT HERE?
UH...
CAN'T SLEEP BECAUSE YOU
WON THAT BIG CONTEST?
I'D BE EXCITED, TOO.
JADEN...
UM, LOOK, WE HAVE TO TALK,
AND IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT.
THE LEFTOVER
GRILLED CHEESE?
AW, IT'S COOL
THAT YOU ATE THEM.
IT'S NOT THAT.
JADEN, THEY'RE GOING TO
KICK ME OUT TOMORROW
UNLESS I BEAT CROWLER
IN A DUEL.
REWIND AND REPEAT.
DIDN'T YOU JUST
GET OFFERED A JOB
WITH INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS?
THAT'S IF
I BEAT HIM.
WHY DOES CROWLER MAKE
EVERYTHING SO TOUGH?
[SIGHS]
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
YOU'LL JUST TAKE OUT
THAT CREEPY CROWLER, THEN.
I DID. SO YOU CAN, TOO.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I JUST CAN'T LOSE
AS LONG AS YOU GUYS
ARE WITH ME.
NOW, TELL ME ABOUT
THAT NEW CARD YOU MADE.
LET'S GO, CHUMLEY!
WE'RE WITH YOU!
JADEN, AREN'T YOU
WORRIED FOR CHUMLEY?
NO WAY. ALL LAST
NIGHT, WE STAYED UP
AND TRAINED
FOR THIS MATCH.
HEY, WE'RE ALL ROOTING
FOR YOU, CHUMLEY.
WE ARE? I MEAN, YEAH,
WE SO TOTALLY ARE.
DON'T BE NERVOUS.
THIS DUEL WILL SIMPLY AFFECT
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
UH...OK.
WELL, ARE YOU WAITING
FOR AN INVITATION?
I GOT ONE
RIGHT HERE.
LET'S DEAL!
HERE WE GO, CHUMLEY.
LET'S SEE HERE.
I THINK THAT FIRST I'M GOING TO
LAY DOWN ONE FACEDOWN.
THAT MOVE WAS ABSOLUTELY...
OH, WHAT'S THE WORD?
YES, LAME.
I PLAY THE SPELL
MAGNET CIRCLE, LEVEL TWO.
WHOA.
OH, MAN, CHUMLEY
IS IN FOR IT NOW.
AND THANKS
TO MAGNET CIRCLE,
I GET TO SUMMON THIS--
MY ANCIENT GEAR
AND ITS SPECIAL EFFECT.
NOW LET ME SUMMON
ANOTHER ONE.
NOT TOO SHABBY, EH?
IS THAT BAD?
BIG-TIME.
NOW I SACRIFICE
MY TWO ANCIENT GEARS
TO SUMMON MY
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM.
[ROARS]
[GASPS]
ANCIENT GOLEM, ATTACK!
MECHANIZED MELEE!
YOU NEVER DID STUDY.
IF MY ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR THING'S DEFENSE,
THEN THE EXTRA DAMAGE
GOES TO YOU.
[GROANING]
THAT'S IT. YOU'RE
GONNA GET IT NOW.
[GROWLING]
DES KOALA'S FLIP EFFECT!
FOR EVERY CARD
IN YOUR HAND,
KOALA HITS YOU
FOR 400 POINTS.
AAH!
WHEN DID CHUMLEY LEARN
HOW TO DUEL LIKE THAT?
I TOLD YOU NOT
TO WORRY, SYRUS.
THIS IS JUST
THE KIND OF THING
WE WERE
TALKING ABOUT.
HMM?
WHEN HE DUELED
HIS DAD,
CHUMLEY BLANKED OUT
ON THE FLIP EFFECT.
BUT THANKS
TO LAST NIGHT,
CHUMLEY'S NOW A LEAN,
MEAN DUEL MACHINE.
HMM.
WELL, MAYBE
NOT LEAN.
I SUMMON EUCALYPTUS MOLE
IN DEFENSE MODE,
AND NEXT I'LL BE LAYING DOWN
ANOTHER FACEDOWN.
COME NOW, CHUMLEY.
THAT'S YOUR MOVE?
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM
AND EUCALYPTUS MOLE!
MECHANIZED MELEE!
AND OF COURSE,
LEST YOU FORGET,
ALL EXTRA DAMAGE
GOES TO YOU.
LET'S JUST WAIT
ONE MINUTE, OK?
IF YOU TAKE OUT
MY EUCALYPTUS MOLE,
I GET A KOALA
FROM MY DECK.
AND GUESS WHO
WANTS TO SAY HI.
MY LITTLE FRIEND, BIG KOALA.
MORE LIKE...A BIG WASTE.
I, ON THE OTHER HAND,
WILL BE SUMMONING
ANCIENT GEAR SOLDIER!
WHATEVER.
CHECK THIS. LISHUS.
I'M GOING TO PLAY...
WILD NATURE'S RELEASE.
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN,
MY BIG KOALA'S DEFENSE POINTS
ARE ADDED ONTO
HIS ATTACK POINTS.
WHEN DID CHUMLEY
GET SO GOOD?
FROM WATCHING ME.
YEAH, THAT'S IT.
OK, KOALA, TAKE OUT
THAT PILE OF RUSTY BOLTS.
TAKEDOWN FROM DOWN UNDER!
NOTHING I CAN'T
COME BACK FROM.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW CHECK OUT
MY FACEDOWN.
ISN'T IT, LIKE,
TOTALLY AWESOME?
BEAST SOUL SWAP
LETS ME BRING BACK
A MONSTER
TO MY HAND,
AND THEN I GET TO
SUMMON ANOTHER BEAST
WITH THE SAME LEVEL.
IT'S SWITCHALICIOUS.
GUESS I'LL CALL...
ANOTHER BIG KOALA.
UH...I'M LOST. WHY DID HE
TRADE OUT FOR ANOTHER?
ANYONE? WELL?
HA HA. I THOUGHT
CHUMLEY WAS DUMB.
WILD NATURE'S
RELEASE IS RISKY.
THE CARD DESTROYS
YOUR MONSTER.
YEAH, UNLESS YOU SWAP OUT
YOUR MONSTER,
JUST LIKE CHUMLEY DID.
NICE MOVE, HUH?
UH, YEAH.
YOU KNOW,
I THINK SY
SLEPT THROUGH
THAT CLASS.
AND LOOK
WHO'S TALKING!
HA HA HA!
ACTUALLY, I DON'T THINK
I'D CALL IT SLEEPING IN CLASS.
IT'S MORE LIKE SCHEDULED
STUDY EYE BREAKS.
Alexis: GIVE ME
A BREAK, JADEN.
BIG KOALA, TAKE OUT
THAT GEAR SOLDIER.
NOW, THAT'S
AN AUSSIE-SIZED
SUPER SLAM!
AH. IT'S ALL FOR NAUGHT.
AND I'LL BE LAYING DOWN
ONE FACEDOWN.
THE TUTORIAL IS OVER.
IT'S TIME TO GIVE CHUMLEY
A REAL SCHOOLING.
LET'S SEE HOW
YOU HANDLE THIS.
OK, CHUMLEY, I ACTIVATE
MY POT OF GREED,
WHICH, OF COURSE, ALLOWS ME
TO DRAW TWO MORE CARDS...
SUCH AS THE ULTIMATE SPELL
CARD--ANCIENT GEAR FACTORY!
OH!
AH...
DEAR CHUMLEY,
YOU'RE ABOUT TO FAIL
FOR THE LAST TIME.
THE ANCIENT GEAR FACTORY.
BEAUTIFUL, ISN'T IT?
IT ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ANY ANCIENT GEAR CARD I HOLD,
SUCH AS MY FRIEND,
THE ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM.
UH!
NOT AGAIN.
JUST WHAT'S HE
TRYING TO PULL?
WHAT ABOUT HIS SACRIFICE?
AS IN GOLEM
KIND OF NEEDS ONE.
NOT QUITE.
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD.
YOU'RE HERE?
WHY NOT? I JUST
LOVE A GOOD DUEL,
THOUGH IT DOESN'T LOOK
SO GOOD FOR CHUMLEY.
HE'S RIGHT. I DON'T NEED
TO SACRIFICE A CARD.
ALL YOU NEED DO
IS LOOK INTO MY GRAVEYARD.
IF IT HOLDS ANCIENT
GEAR MONSTERS
WHOSE LEVELS ARE
TWICE THAT OF MY GOLEM,
THEY BECOME
THE SACRIFICE,
EVEN THOUGH THEY'RE
ALREADY DESTROYED.
SO, PLEASE, LET'S ALL
WELCOME BACK...
[RUMBLING AND HISSING]
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM!
WHAT A MOVE! I MEAN,
YOU KNOW, I GUESS.
HEY, JUST WHOSE SIDE
ARE YOU ON?
DEAR CHUMLEY, HOW CAN I
RECOMMEND YOU?
I MEAN, COME NOW.
YOU CAN'T EVEN WIN
ONE EASY DUEL.
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM,
ATTACK BIG KOALA.
MECHANIZED MELEE.
I PLAY A TRAP CARD.
AND IT'S
A TOTALLY-LISHUS ONE
CALLED ANIMAL TRAIL.
NOW DES KANGAROO JUMPS
RIGHT INTO MY HAND.
A KANGAROO?
YOU'LL HAVE TO DO
MUCH BETTER
THAN THAT, CHUMLEY.
SOMETHING...LIKE
ANCIENT GEAR DRILL!
IMPRESSIVE, ISN'T IT?
THANKS TO THIS
LISHUS CARD,
I GET TO TAKE
ANY SPELL CARD
AND PLACE IT
FACEDOWN.
OH, MAN.
DID HE SAY
"ANY SPELL"?
THIS IS NOT
BODING WELL.
GIVE IT A REST ALREADY.
HE'S THROUGH.
NOT YET. CHUMLEY,
REMEMBER LAST NIGHT
AND WHAT I SAID?
WHICH
WAS WHAT?
THAT YOUR FRIENDS
ARE WITH YOU!
[CHEERING]
I GET IT NOW.
THAT'S WHY JADEN
HAS SO MUCH FUN.
HE NEVER DUELS ALONE,
BECAUSE HE'S GOT US.
AND NOW I GOT THEM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU CAN'T BEAT ME,
CROWLER,
BECAUSE IT'S
MORE THAN JUST ME.
IT'S ALL MY BEST BUDS, TOO.
HMM. RIGHT ON!
LOOK AT HIM.
HE'S HAPPY.
THAT'S A FIRST.
YEAH. BIG DEAL.
JADEN, THANKS
FOR EVERYTHING?
NOW LET'S DO THIS.
JADEN CAN'T SAVE YOU.
BUT THIS CARD
JUST MIGHT.
UH!
IT'S MY CARD,
THE ONE
I THOUGHT UP
WHEN I WENT CAMPING
WITH MY DAD.
AW, WHO AM I KIDDING?
FROM WHEN I RAN AWAY.
IT WAS AFTER I FLUNKED
MY SECOND ADVANCEMENT EXAM.
I WENT TO TOSS MY DECK OFF
THE HIGHEST ROCK I COULD FIND
TO GIVE UP DUELING
FOR GOOD.
BUT THEN...IT HAPPENED.
HUH?
OH!
I SAW THE MOST AWESOME-LICIOUS
SUNRISE EVER.
AND THAT'S
WHEN I REALIZED--
THINGS MAY SEEM TO BE
AT THEIR DARKEST,
BUT THEY'RE NOT GOING TO
STAY THAT WAY FOR LONG.
UH!
I ACTIVATE
AYERS ROCK SUNRISE!
YOU CAN'T STOP
THE SUN FROM RISING,
JUST LIKE YOU
CAN'T STOP MY DREAM.
I WILL BE A FAMOUS
CARD DESIGNER,
AND NOW LET'S SEE
ONE OF MY FIRST
CARDS IN ACTION.
FIRST, IT LETS ME
SUMMON ONE BEAST
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
THINK YOU CAN
GUESS WHO?
THE ONE, THE ONLY
BIG KOALA!
THEN TURN YOUR EYES
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND YOU'LL FIND FOR EACH BEAST,
PLANT, OR WINGED BEAST,
MR. TALL, DARK, AND RUSTY
LOSES 200 ATTACK POINTS.
AAH!
NOW, HOW ABOUT WE TRY
SOMETHING FUSE-ALICIOUS
WITH POLYMERIZATION!
I'M MELDING BIG KOALA
AND DES KANGAROO
TO CREATE MASTER OF OZ
IN ATTACK MODE.
THAT'S, LIKE,
CHUMLEY'S BEST MONSTER.
GO GET 'EM, CHUM.
ALL RIGHT. TIME TO FINALLY
ACE AN EXAM.
BRAVO, CHUMLEY.
VERY IMPRESSIVE,
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU.
IMPRESSIVE INDEED,
BUT HOW COULD I, DR. CROWLER,
AN OBELISK BLUE, ALLOW
A SLIFER RED FLUNKY
TO DEFEAT MOI?
THE ANSWER--I CAN'T.
IF YOU ATTACK, IT WILL
BE YOUR LAST MISTAKE.
ALL RIGHT, MASTER OF OZ,
ATTACK ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM.
OUTBACK ATTACK!
HA HA HA HA!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
LIMITER REMOVAL!
SAY WHAT?
WITH IT,
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ALL MY MACHINES
ARE DOUBLED!
MAN, THIS IS NOT
GOOD NEWS.
AH...
I LOST.
[APPLAUSE]
HEY, THAT WAS
YOUR BEST DUEL EVER.
NICE WORK, CHUMLEY.
YEAH. WAY TO PLAY.
REALLY. IT WAS AWESOME.
AM I RIGHT, GUYS?
BRAVO!
NOT TOO SHABBY,
I GUESS.
BUT I...I STILL LOST.
I CAN'T GET
MY DREAM JOB.
STOP THAT CRYING.
HUH?
IT'S TRUE, YOU HAVE
LOST THIS DUEL,
BUT LOSING DOESN'T
ALWAYS MEAN FAILING.
UH...WHAT
DO YOU MEAN?
UH...WHAT DOES HE MEAN?
Crowler: YOU SEE, THE DUEL
WAS NOT TO WIN OR LOSE,
BUT TO PROVE
YOUR ABILITY.
HUH?
FOR THE TALENT
YOU DISPLAYED TODAY,
HOW COULD I
EVER FAIL YOU?
I WILL RECOMMEND YOU
FOR THE POSITION
AT INDUSTRIAL
ILLUSIONS.
HUH? SO I'M NOT
KICKED OUT?
YOU'RE GRADUATING.
FAREWELL, AND
CONGRATULATIONS, CHUMLEY.
HE IS GOING. I DON'T KNOW
HOW I SHOULD FEEL.
LOOK, CHUMLEY GETS
TO FOLLOW THIS DREAM.
LET'S NOT BE SAD.
WE SHOULD BE
ALL PARTIES AND HUGS.
HUH? AH!
[LAUGHTER]
CHUMLEY, GOOD LUCK.
GOOD-BYE, EVERYONE--
JADEN, SY...
I'LL BE BACK. HMM.
SOMEDAY.